hisses Steve welcome back to pokes and
channel again really appreciate
everybody tuned in and really appreciate
everybody who's purchased guitarist for
me this is a passion to me both music
and guitars writing music you know
buying and selling guitars collecting
guitars and my studio and just love it
it's my passion in life the reason for
living today I'm showing a beautiful oh
three Martin D forty
I just put new strings on so plugging
ass trash
and boy this has got a beautiful top
with a lot of soaking powders that go
across and according to information from
people deep in the music industry in
2003 often that they did use tops that
were for d45 so this this guitar has it
has the same kind of a beautiful top and
a high quality grade was like a D 45 so
the guitar like this you really get that
that sound of like a D 45 this is really
really nice piece on the top I see a
little mark back here that might
probably you know actually I just it
just went away when I just barely rubbed
it you're gonna be able to buffed out
but it's beautiful condition little mark
there that money to be able to go away
current things in the top this is a lot
of guitar and you're getting a really
beautiful top of these 145
so these strings are going to stretch
I haven't touched a guitar today so
more knew these rods
I looked around I didn't see why these
yourself
d40 2003 your time